boom i know everyone's lines yes
[Music]
you should have paid more attention to
the librarian's lessons pan
lara stop calling out those cliff gas
creatures might still be wrong
well i didn't understand a single word
of that but i didn't like it all the
same
pan it means we can't lose
weight and go high that's probably
hester because that's about
if you move again they will find us
japan
we need to get up the street to find a
place to support the nightclub
the storm is coming in uh that is
a summer storm that's somewhere yes we
came here to repay him and he told us he
didn't want our help hester
i know everyone's lines our compass has
got threats by the storm you're being
you're being strange is that
[Music]
yes
you